doc: meeting notes 2020 03-03 (#478)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: meetings/2020-03-03.md

# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-03-03

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChAmBmGmKIQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/477

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* MylesBorins(@MylesBorins)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Myles: Tickets are available for OpenJS world!

Rachel: Webhint AMA tomorrow at 9am PT – please join!
We’re trying 9am now and seeing how the timing goes, we’re open to feedback though. As long as timing doesn’t overlap with an OpenJS meeting, the timing will be good.
We’re trying to accommodate as many folks as possible.

### Board Meeting Updates

> Michael: We had the board meeting this week, hoping that Brian will have something to share on the projects for Electron / AMP who’re able to contribute to receive directed funding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Michael: We had the board meeting this week, hoping that Brian will have something to share on directed funding for 
 companies who want to provide additional funds to a specific project.  This has been mentioned as something needed by the Electron / AMP projects.
```

Myles: We met last Friday, and we have an in-person meeting this Monday. If there’s anything you’d like us to consider or discuss before then, please let us know since we’ll be moving fast on Monday.

> Michael: The public portion of the meeting on Monday will be at 3pm–5pm PST / 6pm–8pm ET.

Reviewer: Michael: We agreed to do the public session at the start of the next meeting on Monday March 9th at 3pm PST / 6pm ET.

Michael: Just like you can boot up a project within the ecosystem, we’re interested in offering a bootstrap process with similar resources the CPC provides for inter-project collaboration. Probably going to be based on subject: eg. Security, diagnostics, etc. I’m just proposing this because the WGs are already organic for people who’re already in the projects that host them, but it may not be easy for outside groups to have a way in to potentially collaborate. Is this a good thing, or bad thing? Is this just something that should be left for the working groups?

Darcy: I think this is a good thing. I’d like to help formalize this a little more.

Joe: I like this idea too. My only concern is around how it would work and the overlap with what node is already doing, is it elevating work from over groups over node?

Michael: I don’t think we should push groups to move up just because we know them. Part of the underlying explanation of this could be for groups to get more involved in the node project. Maybe for that reasoning this should just stay a part of the node project. We’re just interested in bringing projects together in a way that they haven’t been able to before.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Michael: I don’t think we should push groups to move up just because we know them. Part of the underlying explanation of this could be for groups to get more involved in the node project. Maybe for that reasoning this should just stay a part of the node project. We’re just interested in bringing people to collaborate in a way that they haven’t been able to before.
```
